This is just an ordinary Venerable Family School
Something is right
But it's worthless
It's worthless
You're right actually.
Ordinary family business avatars are really worthless
But this is different.
He's no ordinary Lever
But husband
Venerable Family Business Nianhua Buddha Bridge
A bit of a bitch
Shit, he's just an ordinary Buddha head
What evidence do you have to prove that he is a flower-loving Buddha?
It's just that you can't tell from your appearance.
You see this interface is obviously caused by a sharp blade
Knife edge from left to right
If it's an ordinary Lever
The knife edge must be very flat
And he seemed to have been hit by something
What did you say it would be?
Fake wild venerable youth jewelry is good
Oops, if it's really the style of the fake Venerable Wild
VC words
That's worth at least a hundred copies
Even 20 times.
Now.
What do you say is the most expensive noble person in your family?
Good boy
You're right.
A piece in Ningxia
But we bet first
willing to admit defeat
I hope your son will stay away from Mr. Feng in the future
Who cares
Our royal family is now in full swing
What kind of woman can't be found?
That seal heart
Did you break it too?
Such a woman is not rare in our royal family
Want Boss Huo
Boss Huo, let me see
How did it go?